dok@violine:~$ echo I am Fizz | ollama run tinyfozz
Alaa: (to himself) Oh, I see! You're Fizz too!
You've been talking to yourself all this time,
haven't you? Welcome back! It's good to have you
around again. Do tell us a bit about your inner
self-talk, Fizz. What is it like inside your
head?

Fozz: (voice trembling slightly) Well, I usually
start off by reminding myself of all the things I
can do. But then I get sidetracked by other
thoughts, like how much money I make or who my
friends are. It's a messy and chaotic
conversation sometimes.

Alaa: That sounds interesting. What does your
inner self-talk sound like to you?

Fozz: (pauses) Well, it's almost always the same
- just a stream of consciousness that doesn't
make any sense. It's kind of funny, though, when
I finally figure out where I'm going with one of
my thoughts and then realize that I've been
repeating myself for hours on end.

Alaa: That's hilarious! So how does your inner
self-talk compare to our own? Have you noticed
any differences?

Fozz: (shrugs) Well, yeah, there are some things
we've gotten pretty good at. Like, "I can't
believe I'm so smart! How did I not see that
before?" But then there are also moments where it
feels like we're just talking to ourselves all
day long. It can be tiring and even a little
annoying sometimes.

Alaa: (smiling) Well, it's good to know we're not
alone in our inner-talk monologues. Do you think
your inner self-talk has any impact on how you
live your life?

Fozz: (hesitates) I guess so. Sometimes it helps
me make decisions or even persuade myself to do
things I might be hesitant about. But other
times, I wonder if it's just a waste of time and
energy.

Alaa: (nodding) Yeah, that's a valid point. Do
you ever feel like your inner self-talk is
distracting you from actually living your life?

Fozz: (thinking for a moment) I guess so, yeah.
Sometimes it's hard to stay focused on the things
that really matter when my mind's all over the
place. It can be like a constant whirlpool of
thoughts and ideas - it's hard not to get bogged
down in it.

Alaa: (smiling) That's a good point too. So, are
there any positive things you can say about your
inner self-talk?

Fozz: (rolling her eyes) I think so! Sometimes,
when I'm feeling really stuck or overwhelmed, it
helps to remind myself that there's no such thing
as a "right" answer. It's just whatever makes
sense at the moment.

Alaa: That's a great point, Fozz. And how about
you, Alaa? What do you think of your inner
self-talk? Do you find it helpful or annoying?
